So, can you tell me what you think about the story and the experience you had in VR?
The last time we came here was...
I think...
I saw a man going on to a box
And all the stuff that we were seeing
So the world was outside there
And the 13-inch is the outside light
And the outside voice
And the vocalist...
Okay.
There was a music, so the touch I came in
Now we are here at the New Year's training
So they say yes, what is the new student at Galba?
They are on the name to guide you
So...
So what do you think about every single day?
That time was...
In the box
They are swimming to pick them up
And we came into the class
So let's add a little bit of this box
So they want...
They want to learn
They are taught in the piano
And they are not...
That is...
And they are taught in the piano
So what do you think about this story?
What do you think about this story?
You can't go into the shows
And the people in the...
Those are the classmates of the school
Why do you think they were treating like that?
Because they are always happy
They are vocalists who feel out of the piano
So what part of the story touched you?
I don't know, I learned this
I learned a lot of stuff from me
What kind of touch you like?
You have it in the upper part of your piano
I don't like the way they treat you
Which part of the class is that?
I don't know
That which part of the class
That of the teachers
As they are using
Yes, that part of the school
So how do you think that you put yourself in your class position?
I fell soon
So when you were in that room
You felt like you should do that
So since that time you had the experience
In VR
Can you tell me a story of how you are really seeing somebody from another
That child is different from yours
So that's that
And we have any interaction
We have any relationship
Interaction with people from another child
That is different
I don't know
You know, I thought that you put them outside
So you have to try
So what has changed to you?
Can you add the experience?
Like the tissue lens?
What are we doing to you?
I learned
I learned this from the girl that they say
Dosa too
I don't need a Dosa too
I don't need a Dosa
You need a Dosa too
I don't need a Dosa anymore
It's the notes that they say
So if you're not asking me or not
As I said, go and act
That's what I mean
You know, you see somebody
It's right here
When you say you see somebody, Nidasa
See, it's chive
I see.
This is somebody being cheated, but because of the choice.
What would you do?
I really am.
I hope this is the product.
So you really need to be cheated.
Yeah, because it's the cheetah factor.
So if you find somebody that is not cheated by the pedestrian church, what would you do?
I will go with one little boy.
You go with one little girl.
Yeah, from the person who got cheated by the pedestrian church.
The person that's cheated by the highway for the pedestrian church.
It's always cheated by the pedestrian church.
Not for the roadmits.
Oh, he's actually cheating somebody on the street.
Because it's a church.
If you find somebody that you find a situation where they actually use somebody but they are discriminates and they give you this because of the passing struggle.
But all you do is I will provide that destination.
But there is pity but I don't like the weather there is pity but I don't like the weather there is pity but